[Tooltip] [TextField] Remove stopPropagation from Tooltip (#5987)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/dirty-grapes-fail.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Remove stopPropagation from click handler in the Tooltip component. Relax instanceof check in focus-setting logic in TextField component to allow SVG elements as prefix/suffix/verticalContent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed click events not propagating in `Tooltip` and added support for SVG elements as `prefix`, `suffix`, and `verticalContent` in `TextField` 
```
